and brotherhood a precious sorceress
in this video we will talk to you about two
issues
what do you need to do to bring in
your life is needed
car and what man need to choose
so imagine what a relationship is
business project is a project that requires
your creative energy of yours
inspiration and your strength
if you are in a state now
discomfort apathy depression and you think
that relationship will solve all your problems then
this is an illusion and relationships are possible but they
will be dependent and mutual
unjustified expectations bring you
only the sea ​​is more offended
so if you want to meet him
the very best men you need
gush this energy to be
filled with happy healthy energetic
how can this be achieved
Of course it is the athletic exercises
exercise now summer summer
this is the time to restore immunity
physical recovery and more
you can do it in nature of course
same energy practices which
make it possible to fill with energy
This of course same day and nutrition
rising early at dawn the sun and
proper nutrition in your understanding for
cocaine armor for you will give you a sea
energy and good health
but what is the output machine choose
stronger than himself that which is in the outer
we have already become
and responsible and stronger than you and
only then it will be very easy for you and for
like the best man in the world
believe him admire and say you 1
right and most importantly, well Malvina
sorceress see you next video
if your blink minsk
and